=Godot Installation Instructions=
Godot is an open source open URL resolver provided by [http://researcher.sfu.ca Simon Fraser University Library].  You will need a functional [https://github.com/eanders/CUFTS-Install-Notes/blob/master/CUFTS.mediawiki CUFTS] installation before proceeding.
* Download Godot
 cd /usr/local/
 svn checkout http://lib-code.lib.sfu.ca/svn/godot/trunk godot
== Dependencies ==
 cpanm -i Text::Normalize::NACO
 * Use the preflight to check for additional dependencies, at the time of this writing, there were none
 cd /usr/local/godot
 perl util/install.pl -m
== Bug Fixes ==
* At the time of writing, there is a bug in the demo sql data (and if you don't install the demo data you have to manually add your admin account).  To fix the first problem, replace '''adx5P1MEHU372''' in '''/usr/local/godot/util/distrib/sql/demo_data.sql''' with:
 {{admin_password}}

== Installation ==
 perl util/install.pl 
* You will be asked various questions by the installation script, you can accept most defaults, here are a few that you'll probably want to supply your own answers to:
 ...
 Do you want to use the current or the installation values as the default?
 [C/i]: i
 Default site key [BVAS]: sitekey
 ...
 URL for Citation Manager []: http://server.institution.edu/CUFTS/Resolver/sitekey                                      
 URL for CUFTS server []: http://server.institution.edu/CUFTS/Resolver/sitekey
 Email address for parser errors []: admin@institution.edu
 Email address for general errors []: admin@institution.edu
 Email address for error messages []: admin@institution.edu
 ...
 User which the web server runs as?
 [nobody]: www-data
 ...
 Enter the full path for where the GODOT CGI files will be located.
 It should be under the web tree, and the directory must be able to execute
 CGI scripts:
 
 []: /var/www/godot
 Linking into web tree:
 ...
 Making a backup copy of
 /usr/local/godot/GODOTConfig/lib/GODOTConfig/BasicConfig.pm in
 /usr/local/godot/GODOTConfig/lib/GODOTConfig/BasicConfig.pm.backup.
 Do you want to use the current or the installation values as the default?
 [C/i]: i
 ...
 Database user: www-data
 Database password: 
 ...
 User which the web server runs as?
 [nobody]: www-data
 ...
 Enter the full path for where the GODOT CGI files will be located.
 It should be under the web tree, and the directory must be able to execute
 CGI scripts:
 []: /var/www/GODOTConfig
 ...
 Enter the URL which will run the GODOT package 'hold_tab.cgi' script:
 []: http://server.institution.edu/godot/hold_tab.cgi
 Enter the URL which will run the GODOTConfig package 'config.cgi' script:
 []: http://server.institution.edu/godot/config.cgi  
* Connect Godot to Apache
 ln -s /usr/local/godot/util/godot_httpd.conf /etc/apache2/conf.d/godot.conf
* Install the data
 perl util/install_db.pl
* You can accept most to the default values, but you'll want to set an admin password and email address.
* Update the cache
 perl util/update_cache.pl
* Fix some file permissions
 chown -R www-data GODOTConfig/templates/
 chown -R www-data GODOT/templates/
* Restart Apache
 service apache2 restart
* Edit '''util/godot_para_server''' change where '''su godot''' to:
 su www-data
* Set the para server to start on boot
 ln -s /usr/local/godot/util/godot_para_server /etc/init.d/godot_para_server
 update-rc.d godot_para_server defaults
* Login to the admin interface and setup a site with the sitekey chosen above.
 http://server.institution.edu/GODOTConfig/config.cgi
* Go to '''System Administration''' --> '''Sites''' --> ''New site'''
* After creating your site start the para server
 /etc/init.d/godot_para_server start
* The front-end interface should be available at 
 http://server.institution.edu/godot/
== Additional Notes ==
* At the time of writing, the para server often fails to start on boot, so we've setup a script that starts it every 10 minutes, which it doesn't seem to mind
 */10 * * * * root /etc/init.d/godot_para_server start
